Name

SYNOPSIS
	smsc mproc add <class name> <id> desttonmask <destination type of number>
	destnpimask	<destination numbering plan indicator> destdigmask <regular
	expression - destination number digits mask> originatingmask <SS7_MO |
	SS7_HR | SMPP | SIP> originatorsccpaddressmask <originator SCCP
	CallingPartyAddress mask> networkidmask <networkId value> origesmenamemask
	<regualr expression - origination ESME name mask> newnetworkid
	<new networkId value> newdestton<new destination type of number> newdestnpi
	<new destination numbering plan indicator> adddestdigprefix <prefix>
	makecopy <false | true> dropaftersri <false | true>

DESCRIPTION
	This command is used to configure a new Message Processing Rule. If several mproc 
	rules match's with a message then all of them will be applied in ascending order of id field. 
	Mproc rules are processed one time per a message just after a message has come to SMSC before 
	invoking of Diameter interface and storing to database / delivering. If routing is to be based
	only on mproc rules, its mandatory to specify for each ESME, SIP and SS7 GT its own networkId 
	(all networkId are different) and specify a full set of mproc rules for changing of networkId. 
	After the networkId has changed the message will be routed to the ESME / SIP / SS7 that belongs 
	to the networkId. SMPP / SIP should be configured in this case so that they accepts all message 
	that has been routed to their networkId. It is possible also to have several ESME / SIP in one 
	networkId subnetwork. Then inside the subnetwork all message will be routed based on ESME / SIP 
	routingAddressRange value.

PARAMETERS

	Standard Parameters

	class name      - the name of class of mproc rules implementation. For the
	                default implementation (that is described here) class name is "mproc".
	id				- A unique id for this message processing rule. Rules are 
					sorted in ascending order based on this id. All the matching
					rules are applied.

	Optional Parameters
	
	desttonmask		- Rule will be applied only if destination type of number (TON) 
					of target SMS match's with this rule's desttonmask. Set value 
					to -1 as wild card to match all the TON. Valid values of TON are
						0 : Unknown
						1 : International
						2 : National
						3 : Network Specific
						4 : Subscriber
						5 : Alphanumeric
						6 : Abbreviated
						7 : Reserved
					Default value is -1

	destnpimask		- Rule will be applied only if destination number plan indicator 
					(NPI) of target SMS match's with this rule's destnpimask. Set value 
					to -1 as wild card to match all the NPI. Valid values of TON are
						0  : Unknown
						1  : ISDN (E163/E164)
						3  : Data (X.121)
						4  : Telex (F.69)
						6  : Land Mobile (E.212)
						8  : National
						9  : Private
						10 : ERMES
						14 : Internet
						18 : WAP Client Id
					Default value is -1 

	destdigmask 	- Rule will be applied only if destination number of target SMS match's 
					with this rule's destdigmask. destdigmask is java regular expression. Set
					value to null or -1 as wild card to match all the digits of target SMS 
					destination. Default value is -1

	originatingmask	- Rule will be applied only if target SMS is originated from channel 
					as specified by originatingmask. Set value to null as wild card to match all 
					the origination type. Valid values are 
						SMPP
						SS7_MO
						SS7_HR
						SIP	
					Default value is null

	originatorsccpaddressmask - Rule will be applied only if CallingPartyAddress digits match's 
					with this rule's originatorsccpaddressmask. originatorsccpaddressmask is java
					regular expression. Set value to null or -1 as wild card to match all the digits
					of CallingPartyAddress digits. Default value is -1

	networkidmask	- Rule will be applied only if target SMS is origination networkid with 
					this rule's networkidmask. Set value to -1 as wild card to match all 
					the network id's. Default value is -1  	

	newnetworkid	- Once rule match's, the target SMS's network id will be change to one set here. 
					This will allow to received SMS from different network and terminate on different
					network. Set this to -1 to keep original network id. Default value is -1.

	newdestton		- Once rule match's, the target SMS's destination type of number(TON) will be 
					changed to one set here. Set this to -1 to keep original TON. Default value is -1.
					
	newdestnpi		- Once rule match's, the target SMS's destination number plan indicator (NPI) will 
					be changed to one set here. Set this to -1 to keep original NPI. Default value is -1.
					
	adddestdigprefix- Once rule match's, the target SMS's destination number will be prefixed with 
					adddestdigprefix set here. Set this to -1 or null to keep original destination number. 
					Default value is -1.
					
	makecopy		- Once rule match's, and makecopy is set to true, a new copy of SMS is created. If new 
					SMS is created all above parameters like networkidmask, newnetworkid, newdestton, 
					newdestnpi, adddestdigprefix will be applied to new SMS copy.																		  
	
SEE ALSO
	smsc mproc modify, smsc mproc remove, smsc mproc show
